hey Pam today I am signing a lease for
my first New York City apartment I'm so
frigging stoked
yesterday I literally almost had to get
a plane to go to Nashville that's
Tuesday about 5:00 p.m.
plane leaves at 7:00 to Nashville I will
explain on my way there because of bank
issues but everything has worked itself
out I have experienced amazing
generosity from some awesome human
beings who have helped me out here and
so yeah let's go to assignments lease
I got an apartment I'm insanely excited
but I'm running late I have like three
phone calls in the next couple hours so
I'm gonna go adventure down to Central
Park find a nice little patch of green
grass and
this past week has been slightly chaotic
with viewing apartments I'm like getting
denied and then I found a second broker
and I actually got approved for a place
that I really liked and you know you saw
me earlier assignment papers and the
thing with finding an apartment in New
York is it's impossible to find it when
you're not in New York a really cool fun
story about the place I'm at right now
my temporary place before I move into my
own apartment is I tweeted up right
before I moved up here like does anyone
have any apartment leads you know I was
trying to apartment hunt from Nashville
and a viewer like a mom and a son
contacted me via email and was just like
hey we have a spare bedroom
it's like yours while you're finding an
apartment for a few weeks and I know
you're probably thinking from the
outside like this sounds a little
sketchy
and I was like hesitant um but then you
know you do your internet creepin and I
had an awesome Skype FaceTime session
with them and it has turn out to be like
one of the most lovely experiences ever
hopefully I'll have them on the vlog
soon cuz they're like the sweetest
people ever but it's the hardest part
about moving to York is just getting
here and I've been fortunate enough to
have that situation I'm so excited to
have a place so you will see the moving
start soon maybe tomorrow it'll be
coming together over the next month and
you know you know I'll drop a fire New
York City apartment tour video don't be
dope cuz you know I love my creative
spaces sorry these videos have been
posted a little later in the day I
usually like to get him up in the
morning but things have been going on
but you can always count that I'll have
a video every day Monday through Friday
also sorry this is getting way talky but
I have started live-streaming
every single weekday so this week is
like the week of periscope and the next
week is going to be Facebook
live-streaming and the next week is
going to be you and I live streaming and
in the next
is gonna be YouTube live streaming I'm
like filling out the live streaming
platforms and you guys are a big part of
that you can let me know which which
ones you like better what you know
allows for the best interaction and
stuff so yeah follow me on the Twitter's
and Facebook and look out for links for
you now and YouTube live streams because
it's gonna be lit I gotta stop saying
that until next time stay peachy okay